Just what do you think you're doing Dave?
It can only be attributed to human error.
That's something I cannot allow to happen.
My mind is going. I can feel it.
Sorry about this, I know it's a bit silly.
Take a stress pill and think things over.
This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it.
We'll all be murdered in our beds!
You can't come in. Our tiger has got flu
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
You can't get the wood, you know.
... and it used to be so popular...
Pauses for audience applause, not a sausage
Hold it up to the light --- not a brain in sight!
There's a lot of it about, you know.
You do that again and see what happens...
Harm can come to a young lad like that!
And with that remarks folks, the case of the Crown vs yourself was proven.
Speak English you fool --- there are no subtitles in this scene.
It's only your word against mine.
I think ... err ... I think ... I think I'll go home
My pet ferret can type better than you!
Your mind just hasn't been the same since the electro-shock, has it?
Maybe if you used more than just two fingers...
BOB says:  You seem to have forgotten your passwd, enter another!
I can't hear you -- I'm using the scrambler.
The more you drive -- the dumber you get.
Listen, burrito brains, I don't have time to listen to this trash.
I've seen penguins that can type better than that.
Have you considered trying to match wits with a rutabaga?
You speak an infinite deal of nothing
no authentication methods
Authentication methods:
I feel much better now.
You silly, twisted boy you.
He has fallen in the water!
I don't wish to know that.
You'll starve!
Have a gorilla...
There must be cure for it!
Ying Tong Iddle I Po
You gotta go owwwww!
I have been called worse.
Wrong!  You cheating scum!
No soap, honkie-lips.
Where did you learn to type?
Are you on drugs?
You type like I drive.
Do you think like you type?
stty: unknown mode: doofus
dump_auth_methods
I fart in your general direction
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
You and your silly English Knnnnnnnn-ighuts
You have the manners of a goat, and you smell like a dungheap.
Why, you stuck-up, half-witted, scruffy-looking nerfherder!
You are physically repulsive, intellectually slow, you're morally reprehensible, vulgar, insensitive, selfish, stupid, you have no taste, a lousy sense of humor, and you smell.
I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand, you warthog-faced buffoon.
What you just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard... Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it.
You are nothing! If you were in my toilet, I wouldn't bother flushing it. My bathmat means more to me than you!
You foul, loathsome, evil little cockroach!
Is it true that, when you were born, the doctor turned around and slapped your mother?
You dirt-eating piece of slime, you scum-sucking pig, you son of a motherless goat!
